# Awkward Zombie
https://www.awkwardzombie.com/awkward-zombie/rss
# DeviantArt: DrFaustusAU's gallery
https://backend.deviantart.com/rss.xml?q=gallery:DrFaustusAU
# Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
https://blog.counter-strike.net/index.php/feed/
# Momentum Mod Dev Blog
https://blog.momentum-mod.org/index.xml
# xkcd
https://blog.xkcd.com/feed/
# Valorant News
https://createfeed.fivefilters.org/extract.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Fplayvalorant.com%2Fen-us%2Fnews%2F&item=div%5Bclass%2A%3D%22NewsCard-module--featured%22%5D+a&item_title=img+%40alt&item_desc=p%5Bclass%2A%3D%22copy-02+NewsCard-module--description%22%5D&item_date=p%5Bclass%2A%3D%22copy-02+NewsCard-module--dateWrapper%22%5D+span%5Bclass%2A%3D%22NewsCard-module--published%22%5D&item_date_format=m%2Fd%2Fy&feed_title=Valorant+RSS+News&max=5&order=document&guid=url
# Yahtzee's Dev Diary - Escapist Magazine
https://www.escapistmagazine.com/category/yahtzees-dev-diary/feed/
# Dumb_RWBY
https://eunnieverse.com/chapter/dumb_rwby/feed/
# Explosm.net
https://explosm.net/rss.xml
# Fangamer T-Shirts
https://www.fangamer.com/collections/t-shirts.atom
# Jonathan Coulton
https://feeds.feedburner.com/jonathancoulton
# SFP
https://feeds.feedburner.com/strongfemaleprotagonist/UHnv
# Bash.org quotes
# http://feeds.sydv.net/latest-bash-quotes
# Nerf NOW!!
https://feeds.feedburner.com/nerfnow/full
# HELLUVA BOSS
https://fetchrss.com/rss/60cfc7c47ebe836aea6491f262950866c31d8a36990a8932.atom
# LoadingReadyRun AFK
https://fetchrss.com/rss/60cfc7c47ebe836aea6491f262950749e1574860d514a2c2.atom
# HAZBIN HOTEL
https://fetchrss.com/rss/60cfc7c47ebe836aea6491f262950866c31d8a36990a8932.atom
# Foxes in Love
https://foxes-in-love.tumblr.com/rss
# Fully Ramblomatic - the blog of Yahtzee Croshaw
https://fullyramblomatic-yahtzee.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
# Order of the Stick
https://www.giantitp.com/comics/oots.rss
# Go Get a Roomie! Rerun
https://www.gogetaroomie.com/ggar-rerun/rss
# Project Zero
https://googleprojectzero.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss
# HearthSim
https://hearthsim.info/feed.xml
# Hearthstone TopDecks Q&A
https://www.hearthstonetopdecks.com/category/qa/feed/
# Jolly Jack's Collected Curios
https://politepol.com/fd/oaAc0yT3zDbO
# Reddit: Monthly Top on r/OutOfTheLoop
# https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/top/.rss?t=month
# Sam And Fuzzy
https://www.samandfuzzy.com/feed
# ShadyParadox Blog
https://shadyparadox.wordpress.com/feed/
# The Starry Expanse Project
https://starryexpanse.com/feed/
# Steam - Escape Simulator
https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news/app/1435790/?cc=US&l=english
# Steam - Raft
https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news/app/648800/?cc=US&l=english
# Steam Database
https://steamdb.info/api/BlogRSS/
# TF2 Official Blog
https://www.teamfortress.com/rss.xml
# Portal 2 Official Blog
https://www.thinkwithportals.com/rss.xml
# @AG_Nonsuch on Twitter
https://twitter.com/AG_Nonsuch
# @BreachWizards on Twitter
https://twitter.com/i/user/1104477640017264640
# @ValveSoftware on Twitter
https://twitter.com/ValveSoftware
# Analysis - Vicious Syndicate
https://www.vicioussyndicate.com/category/analysis/feed/
# Wild Analysis - Vicious Syndicate
https://www.vicioussyndicate.com/category/wild-data-reaper/feed/
# Punderworld
https://www.webtoons.com/en/challenge/punderworld/rss?title_no=312584
# What If?
https://what-if.xkcd.com/feed.atom
# Team Fortress Wiki - Watchlist [en]
https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/api.php?action=feedwatchlist&allrev=1&wlowner=Darkid&wltoken=be4074d55fa595f8d2adfb7364035ea8cc9eb36a
# Wilde Life
https://www.wildelifecomic.com/comic/rss
# xkcd.com
https://xkcd.com/rss.xml
# yahtzee19
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-Q4WBqNtMF_2GbIsGjic4A
# GDC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0JB7TSe49lg56u6qH8y_MQ
# dukope1
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3bQlN3L10pHmVLeC5tXRGw
# teamfortress
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5BTcArAnit9p5W7etFsPsA
# Innuendo Studios
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5fdssPqmmGhkhsJi4VcckA
# Team PLC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5ufT8-84hiY5O44nhMGAtA
# boburnham
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC81hVmI5eEBIt3s3HQpJd_w
# roberttiso
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFAQLdXDNXudL2yvGiuYcRQ
# I Fight Dragons
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHDUUx4O16LqWyJyZ8000RA
# Starry Expanse
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNpOzBfV89Q7PS4TarkLjsw
# Gears for Breakfast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOywx5hjexDJUP-trlckYNA
# Tom Francis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ-twzO6v-PBgckhkrXVaDQ
# Steamworks Development
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCStZs-X5W6V3TFJLnwkzN5w
# TheSuperSNES
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTnU4Ffbehftics2IPq46_w
# Harry101UK
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUJXm3LMFLSEe_A2IBf8GwQ
# The Slow Mo Guys
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUK0HBIBWgM2c4vsPhkYY4w
# Valve
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg0FSqPeiGD_lIiPaaAehQg
# The Slow Mo Guys 2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgC4Nn0rqqdeqACnzaIMo_Q
# MousseMoose
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChW-TZWEQCOWw9G80-LAGZw
# Taioo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiQViNg9NilR911MSxwaomQ
# Proton Jon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk1Fo1TfTOFWRhffJGvDSUg
# Req
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq71f9hMufSaXPBtcrujjfQ
# Game Maker's Toolkit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw
# loadingreadyrun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwjN2uVdL9A0i3gaIHKFzuA
# loadingreadyrun videogames
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5cCITw_rzNdLelWJCw5L1A
# loadingreadyrun tabletop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdWlJzQqscth452iqXjRj3g
# Retro Game Mechanics Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwRqWnW5ZkVaP_lZF7caZ-g
# New Frame Plus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxO_ya-RmAXCXJCU54AxYFw
# SourceRuns
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzT_ActOGi0CcHSD_atMtzA
# dillongoo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-B06UJxJ20HYv15lzrm9mA
# ShadyParadox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbNmVHHiBTJoFkWVFokl1VQ
# Brace Yourself Games
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLAYFVhxsaqDuOh4Ic5mRu5CiZVKCMVv66
# Arcane
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLbAFXJC0J5GYRhFnNllP8ss1moTRwMRBg
# Elder Dragon Social Club
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLzRiDUMuwrlcO5vEicgBJErTY1Due_xiX
# Friday Night Paper Fight
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLzRiDUMuwrlepkv7m88Ma2sabQJbelzRn
# Music Videos | League of Legends
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLbAFXJC0J5Gbogs-3Jk3nay0sAeAqi3SS
# Overwatch Lore
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLAYFVhxsaqDuOh4Ic5mRu5CiZVKCMVv66
# Extra Punctuation
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLAbMhAYRuCUjTFTU63WTuXDwT3bP3v2kN
# Zero Punctuation
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLAbMhAYRuCUhawCEV2oXZGrienoKTN16X
# 8-bit Music Theory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeZLO2VgbZHeDcongKzzfOw
# W3Techs.com - News Blog
https://w3techs.com/blogfeed/category/news
